Transition the Habitat plugin to use scaffolding (#4320)
chef/inspec: docs/habitat.md

# Chef Habitat Integration

> Chef InSpec provides an easy method to create an executable Chef Habitat package for an Chef InSpec profile. When run via the Chef Habitat Supervisor, the package will run Chef InSpec with your profile and write out its findings the supervisor log. This provides the ability to ship your compliance controls alongside your Chef Habitat-packaged application and continuously run InSpec, providing you *Continuous Compliance.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chef InSpec provides an easy method to create an executable Chef Habitat package for an Chef InSpec profile. When run via the Chef Habitat Supervisor, the package will run Chef InSpec with your profile and write out its findings to the supervisor log. This provides the ability to ship your compliance controls alongside your Chef Habitat-packaged application and continuously run InSpec, providing you *Continuous Compliance.*
```

> Chef InSpec provides an easy method to create an executable Chef Habitat package for an Chef InSpec profile. When run via the Chef Habitat Supervisor, the package will run Chef InSpec with your profile and write out its findings the supervisor log. This provides the ability to ship your compliance controls alongside your Chef Habitat-packaged application and continuously run InSpec, providing you *Continuous Compliance.*

Reviewer 2: typo - *to* the supervisor log

## What is Chef Habitat

Chef Habitat by Chef is our new Application Automation tool that aims to make it easy, safe, and fast to build, deploy, and manage applications. From build dependencies, runtime dependencies, dynamic configuration, and service discovery (just to name a few), Chef Habitat packages the automation with the application instead of relying on an underlying platform.

To learn more about Chef Habitat and try our demos and tutorials, visit [https://www.habitat.sh](https://www.habitat.sh).

## Chef Habitat Scaffolding

> Chef Habitat has a native templating method to it called scaffolding. This plugin now uses scaffolding so that you can get the benefits of testing and best practices for your InSpec profile Habitat packages. This will also remove the need for you to re-run the plugin over time as things in InSpec may change. In order to pull in the latest changes you just have to re-run build and it will pull in the latest best practices and the most recent version of InSpec.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chef Habitat has a native templating method to it called scaffolding. This plugin uses scaffolding so that you can get the benefits of testing and best practices for your InSpec profile Habitat packages. This will also remove the need for you to re-run the plugin over time as things in InSpec may change. With scaffolding, in order to pull in the latest changes you just have to re-run build and it will pull in the latest best practices and the most recent version of InSpec.
```

> 

Reviewer: Not a big deal, but this line isn't needed. 😄

Author: Wilco! Yeah I wasn't sure so wanted to add it to be safe I'll remove it.

After creating a Chef Habitat package for an Chef InSpec profile (see CLI commands below) and uploading the package to a Chef Habitat Depot or manually distributing to a host, start the Chef Habitat Supervisor with your package:

```bash
hab start effortless/audit-baseline
```

> The Chef Habitat Supervisor will install Chef InSpec and execute your profile in a loop. The loop is controled by two variables the `interval` and the `splay`. The `interval` is a set time you want InSpec to run (the default is `1800` seconds). The `splay` is a randomly generated sleep time so that if you don't have a thundering herd scenario when sending your report to an external server like Chef Automate. The default for the `splay` is also `1800` seconds. You can also set the `splay_first_run` so that when your Habitat package is started or updated it will wait a random period of time between 0 and the number set for the `splay_first_run` before running InSpec. The default of the `splay_first_run` is `0` seconds.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Chef Habitat Supervisor will install Chef InSpec and execute your profile in a loop. The loop is controlled by two variables: the `interval` and the `splay`. The `interval` is a set time you want InSpec to run and its default is `1800` seconds. The `splay` is a randomly generated sleep time that prevents a thundering herd problem, or resource starvation scenario, when sending your report to an external server like Chef Automate. The default for the `splay` is also `1800` seconds. Alternatively, the `splay_first_run` can be set to wait a random period of time between 0 and the number set for the `splay_first_run` before running InSpec when your Habitat package is started or updated. The default of the `splay_first_run` is `0` seconds.
```

hab start adamleff/inspec-profile-frontend1
```

> The Chef Habitat Supervisor will install Chef InSpec and execute your profile in a loop. The loop is controled by two variables the `interval` and the `splay`. The `interval` is a set time you want inspec to run the default is `1800` seconds. The `splay` is a random generated sleep time so that if you don't have a thundering herd scenario when sending your report to an exernal server like Chef Automate. The defualt for the `splay` is also 1800. You can also set the `splay_first_run` so that when your habitat package is started or updated it will wait a random period of time between 0 and the number set for the `splay_first_run` before running InSpec. The default of the `splay_first_run` is 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Chef Habitat Supervisor will install Chef InSpec and execute your profile in a loop. The loop is controled by two variables the `interval` and the `splay`. The `interval` is a set time you want InSpec to run (the default is `1800` seconds). The `splay` is a randomly generated sleep time so that if you don't have a thundering herd scenario when sending your report to an external server like Chef Automate. The default for the `splay` is also `1800` seconds. You can also set the `splay_first_run` so that when your Habitat package is started or updated it will wait a random period of time between 0 and the number set for the `splay_first_run` before running InSpec. The default of the `splay_first_run` is `0` seconds.
```

```bash

> HAB_INSPEC_PROFILE_FRONTEND1="interval = 60" hab start adamleff/inspec-profile-frontend1

Reviewer 2: Consider using different example path - avoid former employees in examples

Author: Roger yep I'll switch that out for `effortless/audit-baseline`
